Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will implement the registered component before we implement it.
Let's talk about how we will handle it.
First of all, the registered component will be a page.
So we will create the HDMI Ollivier.
We will create a page like this to create this page.
We will call authentication service methods and we will assign these service methods with HDMI to form
data.
So we describe the register service method in the previous lesson.
In this lesson, we will use that method and we will assign it to the registered component with doing
this.
We will also see the dependency injection example in our register page and we will also use a user icon
that comes from font.
Awesome.
So we will see the usage of font.
Awesome also.
OK, now we can implement it.
First of all, we will create a forum for the user object.
So we should create a user object as a variable and type of it will be user.
Secondly, we use font awesome in font awesome five, each icon is described as a pre installed predefined
object so we can call down from the component as an object, we will use the user icon.
So our icon will be if a user circle, by the way, we can find all the icon names and shapes from the
font awesome page easily.
Then we check the font awesome page.
We can find the icons with search and then we can describe our icon according to our needs and we can
use it in our code.
Our last variable will be error message and type of it will be strange.
We will use it to show error message if it occurs.
For example, we will send the register request.
If there appears an error, we will show it with error message.
Then we can inject our services on the constructor, first of all, we will use authentication service
to call the register and point.
Secondly, we need rorter service because if the current user is available, the register page should
not be displayed because it is a redundant page for Sessions users.
Then we can implement the NGO in it mattered.
Engy on init method is a callback method that is invoked immediately after the default change detector
has checked the directive's data bound properties for the first time and before any of the weave or
content children have been checked.
It is invoked only once when the directive is instantiated in this method, we will check the session
musician.
If there is an available session user, we will redirect it to the profile page.
Why is it a profile page?
Because we should say, hey, you have already signed and most probably you want to visit the profile
page.
Here we can find and check this session user from the user service, if the current user is available
or the idea of the current user is available, we can show the profile page with the.
By the way, a question mark that comes from a variable in JavaScript is used for null check.
Here it means current user value is not undefined or idea of current user value is not undefined.
Then we will navigate to the profile page.
Navigate gets an array because it expects an array of parts.
Now we can create our register method in this method.
We will call the authentication service register method and we will handle the response we will send.
The user object is a parameter, of course.
First of all, we will describe the user object we are registered for.
We will handle it on the HDMI part.
Then we will subscribe to the register function because the register function is an observable item.
Then we subscribe to the observable item on our.
Yes, we can expect to read parts.
First part is the successful response part that handles the coming response.
The second part is the error that occurs on request execution and it creates the exceptions.
And the final part completes the part that works after the catch and response part, like finally block.
First of all, let's implement the successful response part.
We will get a response as data.
If the mission is successfully completed, we can redirect it to the log in page.
Then I will implement the editable block on the ED Block.
We can check the error studies if you remember it.
We described that user should be unique for registered operation on server site.
Then if there is the same username request, we return the conflict.
HTP status cornflake HTP status code is four hundred and nine.
Actually we will implement these status on the ED block if there is an error and the status of it is
four hundred and nine, we will send the error message as username.
Already exists, as we don't expect any other specific areas.
So it should be unexpected error and the error is that comes from error, that error message.
To the market, we can also write the error on the console.
OK, that's all about registered component controller implementation, we can implement the register
page on the next lesson, that's all.
Thank you.